hi youtube you already saw the title no
I want to extend the video hehe I'm
difficulties as you know today, May 3, the
Minecraft version 1.5 point 2 for the
which will need force heat and that
It serves to use several mods at the same time
first of all we have to update
our minecraft clicking where it says
force
gates and we give in launch and it will begin to
update the minecraft just wait for
have finished updating
very well that was quick xdddd let's close
the minecraft
now they open percent app data by
hundred and followed to the minecraft folder
they open it and open the bean folder
and to the file minecraft dot hard what
open as shown on the screen and
select the me time folder and the
erase as shown now open in the
RAR file that I left in the
description and the folder are injured
meta and pnv and delete it as shown and
they copy all the files of the force g
and paste them into the file miner caf
dot heart
as shown x and ready they close the
two files and open the minecraft to see
if it worked xd
and this window will appear please
Do not close them if you do not fuck them
mini craft
and as you can see a folder called
mods and in a corner they will appear this
xdddd and nothing I'm already going